#this is the host nation, also i used this for some testing
capital = 1328
primary_culture = manchu
religion = sunni
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.01
civilized = yes

ruling_party = SIK_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 15
	conservative = 75
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "SIK_oob.txt"

post_napoleonic_thought = 1
strategic_mobility = 1
point_defense_system = 1
deep_defense_system = 1
infiltration = 1
modern_army_doctrine = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
muzzle_loaded_rifles = 1
breech_loaded_rifles = 1
machine_guns = 1
bolt_action_rifles = 1
modern_divisional_structure = 1
iron_breech_loaded_artillery = 1
iron_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
steel_breech_loaded_artillery = 1
indirect_artillery_fire = 1
heavy_armament_dunno = 1
military_staff_system = 1
military_plans = 1
military_statistics = 1
military_logistics = 1
military_directionism = 1
aeronautics = 1
army_command_principle = 1
army_professionalism = 1
army_decision_making = 1
army_risk_management = 1
army_nco_training = 1
great_war_experience = 1

slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety

health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/SIK_oob.txt"
	literacy = 0.04
	non_state_culture_literacy = 0.04

	#Military Reforms
	foreign_training = yes_foreign_training
	foreign_weapons = yes_foreign_weapons
	foreign_officers = yes_foreign_officers
	
	#Technologies
	flintlock_rifles = 1
	military_staff_system = 1
}
